Parseemailfilesv2  Syntax bug (#44639)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_22_24.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFilesV2

> - Fixed an issue where the script failed with a syntax error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the script failed with an `AttributeError`.
```
